something that was probably the most challenging for me and my training
and I've had a lot of training in a variety of different places around
the world doing a variety of different things is probably just
that time away from my family there are there it I've I've missed both
of my kids being born because of training or deployment in so those
are things you can never get back and so that's probably been the
most challenging for me is that time away even though I do have an
understanding family wife who's can can operate independently and two
kids now that are in high school and are able to kind of work on their
own they don't necessarily need me around all the time I still
want to be there to see them you know grass and succeed in and help
out and do the fatherly thing but they also understand that that's not
always going to be the case work in a line of work that we do so
but that doesn't mean to me is it still was a personal challenge was
was being away from family during during training or deployments